README.md, before:

# React Native Releases


This is a discussion focussed repository for coordinating React Native releases.




## React Native Version and Lifecycle support
### Sections

- [Glossary](#-glossary)
- [Which versions are currently supported?](#-which-versions-are-currently-supported)
- [What is the level of support?](#-what-is-the-level-of-support)
- [Cherry-Pick Requests](#-cherry-pick-requests)
- [Security Issues](#-security-issues)
- [Licence](#-licence)

<!--truncate-->

### Glossary

Below we are defining terms used in this document:

- **stable version** - Any version that doesn’t have a -alpha, -beta, -RC postfix in the version name.
- **latest version** - The latest stable version with the highest version number (e.g. 0.68.2).
  - The highest version number is defined following the [NPM semver algorithm](https://github.com/npm/node-semver) tagged as "latest".
- **next version** - The next version that hasn’t been fully released yet, and is currently in development/testing (e.g. 0.69.0-RC1).
- **minor series** - A collection of versions (either stable or not stable) sharing the same minor version (e.g. **0.68**.0-RC0, **0.68**.0, **0.68**.1 are all part of the **0.68** minor series).

### Which versions are currently supported?

We’re supporting the **latest version**, and the latest versions from the **two previous minor series.**
We’ll also support the **next version** being developed, which will become stable after its release.

Versions:

| Version    | Type                  | Status           |
| ---------- | --------------------- | ---------------- |
| 0.71.0-RC0 | Release candidate     | Not released yet |
| 0.70.0     | Latest stable         | In support       |
| 0.69.5     | Previous minor series | In support       |
| 0.68.3     | Previous minor series | In support       |
| <=0.67.x   | Old minor series      | Unsupported      |

### What is the level of support?

Due to support bandwidth, the React Native team, with the community's help, is looking into issues & PRs opened against one of the supported versions.

Issues & PRs opened against older versions would be considered only in exceptional cases. Please update your application to one of the supported versions and raise the Issue/PR targeted to that version.

Issues should contain a [**reproducer**](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) project regardless of which version they target, for them to be considered.
Issues without a reproducer will require more effort to understand and fix, and are less likely to receive attention.

At this point in time, we are prioritizing issues that are related to:

- Latest version of React Native and two previous minor series.
- Use of the New Architecture
- Use of the Hermes Engine

### Cherry-Pick Requests

We’re **accepting cherry-pick requests** for the currently supported versions. A cherry-pick request is the request to include a fix in one of the supported versions and release a new point release with it.

Cherry-Pick requests should be submitted via the [React Native Releases Working Group](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases/discussions/categories/patches), in the corresponding discussion thread.

Please note that each cherry-pick request will be assessed and approved individually. Cherry-Pick requests against unsupported versions will be rejected unless they involve security issues.

### Security Issues

Security issues should follow our issue report policy [described here](https://reactnative.dev/contributing/overview#security-bugs).
Reports for security issues on unsupported versions will handed on case by case basis when deciding if a new version needs to be released.

### License

React Native is open-source software distributed under the [**MIT license**](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add notes for experimental features

README.md, after:

# React Native Releases


This is a discussion focussed repository for coordinating React Native releases.




## React Native Version and Lifecycle support
### Sections

- [Glossary](#-glossary)
- [Which versions are currently supported?](#-which-versions-are-currently-supported)
- [What is the level of support?](#-what-is-the-level-of-support)
- [Cherry-Pick Requests](#-cherry-pick-requests)
- [Security Issues](#-security-issues)
- [Licence](#-licence)

<!--truncate-->

### Glossary

Below we are defining terms used in this document:

- **stable version** - Any version that doesn’t have a -alpha, -beta, -RC postfix in the version name.
- **latest version** - The latest stable version with the highest version number (e.g. 0.68.2).
  - The highest version number is defined following the [NPM semver algorithm](https://github.com/npm/node-semver) tagged as "latest".
- **next version** - The next version that hasn’t been fully released yet, and is currently in development/testing (e.g. 0.69.0-RC1).
- **minor series** - A collection of versions (either stable or not stable) sharing the same minor version (e.g. **0.68**.0-RC0, **0.68**.0, **0.68**.1 are all part of the **0.68** minor series).

*Note: Stable versions are fully tested versions that are stable at the moment of release. These versions can potentially contain experimental features but only behind experimental feature flags, which need to be explicitly enabled to become active.*

### Which versions are currently supported?

We’re supporting the **latest version**, and the latest versions from the **two previous minor series.**
We’ll also support the **next version** being developed, which will become stable after its release.

Versions:

| Version    | Type                  | Status           |
| ---------- | --------------------- | ---------------- |
| 0.71.0-RC0 | Release candidate     | Not released yet |
| 0.70.0     | Latest stable         | In support       |
| 0.69.5     | Previous minor series | In support       |
| 0.68.3     | Previous minor series | In support       |
| <=0.67.x   | Old minor series      | Unsupported      |

### What is the level of support?

Due to support bandwidth, the React Native team, with the community's help, is looking into issues & PRs opened against one of the supported versions.

Issues & PRs opened against older versions would be considered only in exceptional cases. Please update your application to one of the supported versions and raise the Issue/PR targeted to that version.

Issues should contain a [**reproducer**](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example) project regardless of which version they target, for them to be considered.
Issues without a reproducer will require more effort to understand and fix, and are less likely to receive attention.

At this point in time, we are prioritizing issues that are related to:

- Latest version of React Native and two previous minor series.
- Use of the New Architecture
- Use of the Hermes Engine

### Cherry-Pick Requests

We’re **accepting cherry-pick requests** for the currently supported versions. A cherry-pick request is the request to include a fix in one of the supported versions and release a new point release with it.

Cherry-Pick requests should be submitted via the [React Native Releases Working Group](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases/discussions/categories/patches), in the corresponding discussion thread.

Please note that each cherry-pick request will be assessed and approved individually. Cherry-Pick requests against unsupported versions will be rejected unless they involve security issues.

### Security Issues

Security issues should follow our issue report policy [described here](https://reactnative.dev/contributing/overview#security-bugs).
Reports for security issues on unsupported versions will handed on case by case basis when deciding if a new version needs to be released.

### License

React Native is open-source software distributed under the [**MIT license**](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/LICENSE).
