docs/roles-and-responsibilities.md, before:

# Release Roles & Responsibilities

We have a  "dividi et impera" approach to React Native releases. The "release crew" is composed of generally 2 folks from Meta and 2+ from the community.

General division of work is
- Meta releasers handle any active release candidate / latest stable
    - These often need more internal coordination
- Community releasers handle older stable release patches
    - These often don't need as many patches

Below we outline more specifics of each role

---

## Role Durations

- Release Crew shifts change at the scheduled retrospective and planning for the next release candidate.
- These roles are multi-month commitments
    - The intention is to prepare a new release candidate every 3 months.

## Role: Primary Meta Releaser

Owner for release coordination

### Role Responsibilities

- Drives weekly release status sync, ([meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g1DM2vrB-jld9C3n30iuI9Pf0oVyBIyqXtTMSexYhz0/edit?usp=sharing))
    - Responsible for communicating status and keeping communication up to date
    - Triage/answer incoming concerns
    - If public holiday for the primary releaser, may cancel the meeting or delegate to another release crew member to run
- Responsible for coordinating out-of-office coverage with secondary Meta Releaser
- Responsible for all releases in the support window. See [supported versions](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases#which-versions-are-currently-supported)
    - Owns decisions for the release candidate
        - Decides the cut and intended release date
        - Ensures release communication is completed (blog post, documentation updates)
    - Final call on release decisions
        - Ex. Decide when to release a patch on stable
        - Ex. Ambiguous calls on whether something should be picked
    - Ensures blocking issues have owners
- Coordinate with release crew to delegate work
- Responsible for scheduling the retrospective and kick-off for next release crew
- Finalizes the next release crew members

## Role: Secondary Meta Releaser

Back-up for Primary Meta Releaser

### Role Responsibilities

- Takeover as Primary Releaser when needed. Coordinate with Primary Releaser to get necessary context
- Attend release weekly release sync meetings
- Support with release decisions as with protocol, communicate and defer to Primary when unclear
    - Help decide when to promote pre-release to stable
    - Help decide when to release a patch on stable
    - Help decide which commits are part of which release
- Support in release work like Community Releaser


## Role: Community Releaser

Member of the React Native Core Contributor community. There are usually 2 Community Releasers per release.

### Role Responsibilities
- Attends 30 minute weekly release sync meeting
- Communicate when out-of-office / unavailable
- Commits at least 3 hours/week in release work like the following:
    - Release testing
    - Triage release issues and escalate to release crew
        - Ex. sources of release issues
            - Issues in react-native repo
            - Issues in releases repo
            - Issues reported in Community Contributor Discord
            - Online discussion
    - Perform a release
        - Complete picks (within protocol or as discussed with Primary releaser)
        - Ensures blocking issues have owners
        - Updates status of release work in relevant Github Projects and communication channels
        - Escalate to Primary Meta releaser when blocked
    - Support with release decisions, communicate and defer to Primary when unclear
        - Help decide when to promote pre-release to stable
        - Help decide when to release a patch on stable
        - Help decide which commits are part of which release


## Onboarding to Release Crew

If you are joining as a release crew member you'll need the following:

### Pre-requisites

#### Write access to `react-native`
    - Ask Meta release crew to give you. They'll need your Github username

#### Access to Github Projects
    - Ask Meta release crew to add you to the reactwg/react-native-release-crew team
    - https://github.com/orgs/reactwg/teams/react-native-release-crew

#### CircleCI Personal Token
    - [Instructions to obtain](https://circleci.com/docs/managing-api-tokens/#creating-a-personal-api-token)

### Prepare your setup

- Git clone the [react-native repo](https://github.com/facebook/react-native)
- Ensure you have your environment set up for Android and iOS development
    - Follow instructions for `React Native CLI quickstart` for macOS/iOS and macOS/Android from the [Environment Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup).
    - Gradle should now install [the appropriate NDK](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/template/android/build.gradle). Verify that you have in your path the `ANDROID_NDK` variable, pointing to it.
    - In case you are on macOS Catalina (or higher), you might also need to run `sudo xattr -r -d com.apple.quarantine /path/to/ndk` to avoid the e2e script to fail. (_That said, this should not happen anymore since from NDK 21 and higher the Android team started signing the NDK._)
- Try running a release test on an existing release branch for RNTester on both iOS/Android
    ```bash
    # In your react-native checkout
    git co 0.73-stable
    yarn
    yarn test-e2e-local -p iOS -t RNTester --hermes true -c <YOUR_CIRCLE_CI_TOKEn>
    ```
    - See [release testing](./guide-release-testing.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Add note about frameworks developers in release crew

docs/roles-and-responsibilities.md, after:

# Release Roles & Responsibilities

We have a  "dividi et impera" approach to React Native releases. The "release crew" is composed of generally 2 folks from Meta and 2+ from the community (core contributors, framework developers, etc.).

General division of work is
- Meta releasers handle any active release candidate / latest stable
    - These often need more internal coordination
- Community releasers handle older stable release patches
    - These often don't need as many patches

Below we outline more specifics of each role

---

## Role Durations

- Release Crew shifts change at the scheduled retrospective and planning for the next release candidate.
- These roles are multi-month commitments
    - The intention is to prepare a new release candidate every 3 months.

## Role: Primary Meta Releaser

Owner for release coordination

### Role Responsibilities

- Drives weekly release status sync, ([meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g1DM2vrB-jld9C3n30iuI9Pf0oVyBIyqXtTMSexYhz0/edit?usp=sharing))
    - Responsible for communicating status and keeping communication up to date
    - Triage/answer incoming concerns
    - If public holiday for the primary releaser, may cancel the meeting or delegate to another release crew member to run
- Responsible for coordinating out-of-office coverage with secondary Meta Releaser
- Responsible for all releases in the support window. See [supported versions](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases#which-versions-are-currently-supported)
    - Owns decisions for the release candidate
        - Decides the cut and intended release date
        - Ensures release communication is completed (blog post, documentation updates)
    - Final call on release decisions
        - Ex. Decide when to release a patch on stable
        - Ex. Ambiguous calls on whether something should be picked
    - Ensures blocking issues have owners
- Coordinate with release crew to delegate work
- Responsible for scheduling the retrospective and kick-off for next release crew
- Finalizes the next release crew members

## Role: Secondary Meta Releaser

Back-up for Primary Meta Releaser

### Role Responsibilities

- Takeover as Primary Releaser when needed. Coordinate with Primary Releaser to get necessary context
- Attend release weekly release sync meetings
- Support with release decisions as with protocol, communicate and defer to Primary when unclear
    - Help decide when to promote pre-release to stable
    - Help decide when to release a patch on stable
    - Help decide which commits are part of which release
- Support in release work like Community Releaser


## Role: Community Releaser

Member of the React Native Core Contributor community or Frameworks developers.
There are usually 2+ Community Releasers per release.

### Role Responsibilities
- Attends 30 minute weekly release sync meeting
- Communicate when out-of-office / unavailable
- Commits at least 3 hours/week in release work like the following:
    - Release testing
    - Triage release issues and escalate to release crew
        - Ex. sources of release issues
            - Issues in react-native repo
            - Issues in releases repo
            - Issues reported in Community Contributor Discord
            - Online discussion
    - Perform a release
        - Complete picks (within protocol or as discussed with Primary releaser)
        - Ensures blocking issues have owners
        - Updates status of release work in relevant Github Projects and communication channels
        - Escalate to Primary Meta releaser when blocked
    - Support with release decisions, communicate and defer to Primary when unclear
        - Help decide when to promote pre-release to stable
        - Help decide when to release a patch on stable
        - Help decide which commits are part of which release

### Frameworks developers in the Release Crew

With [RFC0759 - React Native Frameworks #759](https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals/pull/759), we're requiring each recommended framework to join the release crew.
This will ensure that the framework developers are aware of the changes that are about to ship in the upcoming release.

Moreover, the framework developer member of the release crew will have the responsibility to verify that the framework works well with the upcoming release of React Native.
This will ensure that React Native core and framework releases don't have a big time gap between them.


## Onboarding to Release Crew

If you are joining as a release crew member you'll need the following:

### Pre-requisites

#### Write access to `react-native`
    - Ask Meta release crew to give you. They'll need your Github username

#### Access to Github Projects
    - Ask Meta release crew to add you to the reactwg/react-native-release-crew team
    - https://github.com/orgs/reactwg/teams/react-native-release-crew

#### CircleCI Personal Token
    - [Instructions to obtain](https://circleci.com/docs/managing-api-tokens/#creating-a-personal-api-token)

### Prepare your setup

- Git clone the [react-native repo](https://github.com/facebook/react-native)
- Ensure you have your environment set up for Android and iOS development
    - Follow instructions for `React Native CLI quickstart` for macOS/iOS and macOS/Android from the [Environment Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup).
    - Gradle should now install [the appropriate NDK](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/template/android/build.gradle). Verify that you have in your path the `ANDROID_NDK` variable, pointing to it.
    - In case you are on macOS Catalina (or higher), you might also need to run `sudo xattr -r -d com.apple.quarantine /path/to/ndk` to avoid the e2e script to fail. (_That said, this should not happen anymore since from NDK 21 and higher the Android team started signing the NDK._)
- Try running a release test on an existing release branch for RNTester on both iOS/Android
    ```bash
    # In your react-native checkout
    git co 0.73-stable
    yarn
    yarn test-e2e-local -p iOS -t RNTester --hermes true -c <YOUR_CIRCLE_CI_TOKEn>
    ```
    - See [release testing](./guide-release-testing.md) for more information.
