docs/upgrade-helper.md, before:

# How to Update Upgrade Helper

From the readme of [its dedicated repo](https://github.com/react-native-community/upgrade-helper#-how-it-works):

> [!Note]
>
> The Upgrade Helper tool aims to provide the full set of changes happening between any two versions, based on the previous work done in the `rn-diff-purge` project:
>
> This repository exposes an untouched React Native app generated with the CLI `react-native init RnDiffApp`. Each new React Native release causes a new project to be created, removing the old one, and getting a diff between them. This way, the diff is always clean, always in sync with the changes of the init template.

The upgrade helper webapp relies on [rn-diff-purge](https://github.com/react-native-community/rn-diff-purge) having the diff for the versions of RN released.

## Instructions to update

### For release versions >= 0.68

- The GitHub action will be triggered by the [CircleCI job that pushes the release link](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/97291bfa3157ac171a2754e19a52d006040961fb/.circleci/config.yml#L1213-L1219).

### For release versions < 0.68

> [!Warning]
>
> You need to have write access or be a Code Owner for the `rn-diff-purge` repo to do either of these approaches.

#### Trigger GitHub action via CURL

```bash
# Update the "version" with your version and provide your PAT
curl -X POST -H "Accept: application/vnd.github.v3+json" \
   https://api.github.com/repos/react-native-community/rn-diff-purge/dispatches \
   -d '{"event_type":"publish", "client_payload": {"version": "0.67.0"}}' \
   -H "authorization: Bearer <PAT>"
```

#### Manual instructions

To generate the diff for a new version, there are essentially only 3 steps needed:

- `git clone` the `rn-diff-purge` repo.
- `cd` into it, and `yarn install`.
- Run the script `./new-release.sh <version_tag>`.
  - For example: `./new-release.sh 0.66.0-rc.1`.

Commit message:

Updates to Release documentation (#113)
* Updates to support policy

* Updates

* gotchas separate

* Update guide-release-process.md

* Update guide-release-process.md

More detail on Podfile.lock updates

* Consolidate release candidate instructions

* release testing

docs/upgrade-helper.md, after:

# How to Update Upgrade Helper

> [!WARNING]
> As of React Native > 0.68, Upgrade Helper is automatically updated when publishing a release. These instructions remain mostly for reference.

From the readme of [its dedicated repo](https://github.com/react-native-community/upgrade-helper#-how-it-works)

> [!Note]
>
> The Upgrade Helper tool aims to provide the full set of changes happening between any two versions, based on the previous work done in the `rn-diff-purge` project:
>
> This repository exposes an untouched React Native app generated with the CLI `react-native init RnDiffApp`. Each new React Native release causes a new project to be created, removing the old one, and getting a diff between them. This way, the diff is always clean, always in sync with the changes of the init template.

The upgrade helper webapp relies on [rn-diff-purge](https://github.com/react-native-community/rn-diff-purge) having the diff for the versions of RN released.

## Instructions to update

### For release versions >= 0.68

- The GitHub action will be triggered by the [CircleCI job that pushes the release link](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/97291bfa3157ac171a2754e19a52d006040961fb/.circleci/config.yml#L1213-L1219).

### For release versions < 0.68

> [!Warning]
>
> You need to have write access or be a Code Owner for the `rn-diff-purge` repo to do either of these approaches.

#### Trigger GitHub action via CURL

```bash
# Update the "version" with your version and provide your PAT
curl -X POST -H "Accept: application/vnd.github.v3+json" \
   https://api.github.com/repos/react-native-community/rn-diff-purge/dispatches \
   -d '{"event_type":"publish", "client_payload": {"version": "0.67.0"}}' \
   -H "authorization: Bearer <PAT>"
```

#### Manual instructions

To generate the diff for a new version, there are essentially only 3 steps needed:

- `git clone` the `rn-diff-purge` repo.
- `cd` into it, and `yarn install`.
- Run the script `./new-release.sh <version_tag>`.
  - For example: `./new-release.sh 0.66.0-rc.1`.
